{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14400\viewh14760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 User Story\
\
\
\
1. Game begins with introduction overlay with title, instructions and action prompt to click to start\
\
Simplified Intro/Instruction: \
You are both space bounty hunters with a gambling problem that have left you with limited fuel to get across the galaxy and pick up your next bounty. \
\
To save on fuel you must sling shot around planets to get to your destination. \
\
In bounty hunting, winner takes all, the fastest one wins. To make things more interesting you can bet credits on who will win on each round. \
\
2. A constellation of planets is generated with random placement, size (possibly color or texture)\
\
3. Your ship is shown orbiting the starting planet\
\
4. You are prompted to place a bet (credits) with the other player if you both have credits\
\
5. On spacebar press the ship escapes orbit and travels along a trajectory tangent to the obit at the time of keydown\
\
6.a. If the trajectory is too far from the next target planet your ship will fly off into the abyss. (Lose a life)\
\
6.b. If the trajectory is too close to the planet center your ship will crash through the atmosphere. (Lose a life)\
\
6.c. If the trajectory is within a sweet spot, not too close and not to far from the planet the ship will travel to the next planet and begin orbiting \
\
7. The following cycle continues until the destination is reached and the bounty credits are collected along with the gambling pot if bets were placed\
\
8. There will be one overall timer and the individual user times calculated based on start and end time \
\
9. When the destination is reached a new constellation of planets is generated the round repeats. \
\
10. As long as each player has >0 lives the game will continue \
\
\'97\'97\'97\
Potential adds\
\
1. Asteroids to interrupt travel: periodically crossing the necessary flight path of the ship. So timing is based on orbit and the obstacle\
\
2. A continuous gravity field based on planet size so flight path is not direct but curves slightly\
}